README.md, before:

Google Analytics
======================

Adds a Google Analytics JavaScript tracking code to every page.

Requirements
------------

* Google Analytics user account

Installation
------------

- Install this module using the official Backdrop CMS instructions at
  https://backdropcms.org/guide/modules

- Visit the configuration page under Administration > Configuration > System >
  Google Analytics (admin/config/system/googleanalytics) and enter your Google
  Analytics account number.

- All pages will now have the required JavaScript added to the HTML footer and 
  you can confirm this by viewing the page source from your browser.


Advanced Settings
-----------------

You can include additional JavaScript snippets in the custom javascript code
text area. These can be found on the official Google Analytics pages and a few
examples at http://drupal.org/node/248699. Support is not provided for any
customizations you include.

To speed up page loading you may also cache the Google Analytics "analytics.js"
file locally.

License
-------

This project is GPL v2 software. See the LICENSE.txt file in this directory for
complete text.

Current Maintainers
-------------------

This module is currently seeking maintainers.

Credits
-------

This module was originally written for Drupal by Mike Carter
(https://www.drupal.org/u/budda) and the Drupal module has been maintained by
Alexander Hass (https://www.drupal.org/u/hass) for many years.

Commit message:

Adding Jen Lampton as maintainer to fix some bugs.

README.md, after:

Google Analytics
======================

Adds a Google Analytics JavaScript tracking code to every page.

Requirements
------------

* Google Analytics user account

Installation
------------

- Install this module using the official Backdrop CMS instructions at
  https://backdropcms.org/guide/modules

- Visit the configuration page under Administration > Configuration > System >
  Google Analytics (admin/config/system/googleanalytics) and enter your Google
  Analytics account number.

- All pages will now have the required JavaScript added to the HTML footer and 
  you can confirm this by viewing the page source from your browser.


Advanced Settings
-----------------

You can include additional JavaScript snippets in the custom javascript code
text area. These can be found on the official Google Analytics pages and a few
examples at http://drupal.org/node/248699. Support is not provided for any
customizations you include.

To speed up page loading you may also cache the Google Analytics "analytics.js"
file locally.

License
-------

This project is GPL v2 software. See the LICENSE.txt file in this directory for
complete text.

Current Maintainers
-------------------

- Jen Lampton (https://github.com/jenlampton)
- Seeking additional maintainers

Credits
-------

- This module was originally written for Drupal by Mike Carter
(https://www.drupal.org/u/budda).
- The Drupal module has been maintained for many years by
Alexander Hass (https://www.drupal.org/u/hass).
- The port to Backdrop CMS was done by Jen Lampton (https://github.com/jenlampton) and Nate Haug (https://github.com/quicksketch).
